Bob a.k.a .Apple Bob was LeChuck's first mate. In spite of this, Bob was never hugely fond of LeChuck, mainly because he had killed him, stole his ship and forced him to serve on his crew.

While alive, Bob seemed to be a friend with Carla, Otis, Meathook and possibly Elaine Marley

Bob was a likable character, despite being a member of LeChucks fearsome ghost crew. He was even revealed to be on good terms with Herman Toothrot.

The Secret of Monkey Island[]

He first appeared when he informed LeChuck of Guybrush Threepwood, a pirate wannabe's arrival on Mêlée Island. He later reported about the successful capture of Elaine Marley, the Governor of Mêlée Island.

He also appeared conducting a fiddle player on the deck (his dance includes removing his head and juggling it a little) while Guybrush Threepwood sneaks around the ship. He was not hostile towards Guybrush Threepwood and when he saw him traspassing on the ship, he simply chased him off and let him go. Guybrush sneaked past him whilst invisible.

His last appearance in the game was when he missed the boat back to Mêlée Island for the wedding after his head fell overboard. Conveniently for Threepwood this meant he could learn where LeChuck had gone.

Alternate Endings[]

Guybrush Threepwood met Bob and could choose to either let him live or dissolve him with his ghost zapping formula. Before either outcome, Bob gladly told Guybrush where LeChuck was going and why. Depending on the players actions and if he is not destroyed, Bob is later taken from the island by either Herman Toothrot or by Threepwood's crew.

If Herman Toothrot arrives, he will offer Bob a ride on his ship and only agrees to take Guybrush along if he promises to rescue him. Alternatively, if Threepwood's crew appears, they greet Bob as an old friend of theirs. Guybrush Threepwood tells them that they must return to Mêlée Island.

Return to Monkey Island[]

Bob is seen to still be a member of LeChuck's crew many years later, although he has been demoted from his previous position and now hangs from the yardarm as a warning to any who might displease their captain.

He was known by the name Apple Bob.