Elaine Marley spent many of her years in her mansion on Mêlée Island. When she inherited the title of Governor unchallenged she continued to live there and lead the people.

Her beloved grandfather was lost to her at a young age when he was assumed killed in a boat race off the coast of Australia.

Year after year passed and no one came forward to oppose her in elections. They would always take place with her as the sole candidate. The island population were happy with this.

She became the object of affection for a dangerous pirate named LeChuck who after being invited to a dinner at her mansion, (presumably among a number of important people) fell in love with her and asked for her hand in marriage. She reportedly responded to his advances with the answer "Drop dead".

LeChuck announced that he was to prove his love to Elaine by discovering Monkey Island and its fabled secret. When he left, the news got back to Mêlée Island saying that he had been killed in a storm.

Elaine herself announced that she would never court a pirate. Part of her reason was that she did not wish any more foolish suitors to follow in LeChucks footsteps on her account. She told people however, that the reason was that she had promised her father that she would never fall in love with a pirate.

Meeting Threepwood and being Kidnapped

Elaine Marley's original portrait

During an election season, a young man by the name of Guybrush Threepwood washed up on the shores of Mêlée Island. He had a dream of becoming a pirate and set about discovering how he could do so. He learned from some pirate leaders that there were Three Trials required to pass before anyone could call themselves a pirate. One of which was to master the art of thievery. Threepwood was tasked in stealing the Idol of Many Hands from Governor Marleys Mansion

Elaine's first encounter with Guybrush was when he entered her mansion. He was caught red-handed attempting to steal the idol by Sheriff Fester Shinetop before she arrived and stopped their fight. She sent Shinetop away and spoke to Threepwood alone. She told him she had wished to meet him since hearing his "fascinating name", and was rather impressed that he was the first to actually get the idol. However, Threepwood, having little to no experience with women, is too awestruck by Elaine's beauty and is only capable of speaking unintelligible noises. She was disappointed with his responses but allowed him to take the idol to the pirate leaders to prove he had done what he came to do.

Elaine Marley, as she appeared in the Special Edition

This did not, however, prevent her from rushing to his assistance upon hearing the news that the Shinetop had attempted to drown him. Though she was too late to help him, she arrived as he saved himself. They spoke and she confessed her feelings to Guybrush; resulting in reciprocation from Guybrush who was then able to find words to say to her. She told Threepwood about her past with LeChuck and how she had promised never to get romantically involved with a pirate, but implored Guybrush to finish his pirate trials before they went any further with their new-found love. Threepwood continued his trials with a new motivation pushing him on to complete them as quickly as possible.

Plunder Bunny

Unfortunately, when he was ready to report to the pirate leaders that his last trial was complete, Marley was kidnapped by a very jealous LeChuck and shipped away to his hideout on Monkey Island. After he was informed of the news by the island Lookout, Threepwood banded together a ship and a crew in order to mount a rescue attempt.

During the time spent beneath Monkey Island, Elaine was held prisoner in LeChucks brig unaware that Threepwood or anybody had come after her. His efforts were in vain however as Elaine met some of her former friends among the ghost crew, before they had been killed by him; with their help, she managed to concoct her own escape plan and means to destroy LeChuck.

Threepwood was unable to save Elaine before LeChuck's ship left Monkey Island and made port back at Mêlée Island where he intended to marry her. Having been informed of this turn of events by LeChucks first mate Bob, he decided to go after her once again and gatecrash the wedding.

Elaine as seen in SoMi and SoMI SE

Threepwood arrived at the church just as the ceremony was underway. He shouted a stop to the proceedings and confronted LeChuck with his Ghost Zapping Formula. He attempted to use it and destroy LeChuck, but the spraying pump jammed. At this point Elaine rappelled into the room revealing that she had been perfectly safe for the entire time and now Threepwood was ruining her plan. She had disguised two monkeys in a wedding dress as a decoy and had found a way to brew her own ghost zapping potion which she had given to the monkeys for safe keeping.

When Threepwood attempted to retrieve the second potion from the monkeys, he scared them away forcing Elaine to chase after them in order to get it back.

Special Edition's final screen.

Unarmed, Threepwood was left at the mercy of an enraged LeChuck who began beating him all over the island. Elaine managed to catch up with Guybrush once he had found a way to destroy the ghost pirate. Together they stood in the starlight and watched as his spirit form exploded against the night sky.

The Quest for Big Whoop

Some time after the defeat of the Ghost Pirate LeChuck, Elaine ended the blossoming relationship with Guybrush. She saw him as a bumbling fool who cared too much about his life of piracy and not enough about things that really mattered. Her life next to Guybrush was so traumatic that she wrote a book about it; it also seems that she wrote several romances under the pseudonym Melanie Leary (which is an anagram of "Elaine Marley"). Leary is the most prolific author among the books of the Phatt City Library with 8 books. All the titles of her romances are bitter and follow an alliterative formula after Shakespeare's "Love's Labour Lost". Guybrush, who checked them, found them distasteful.

She moved to her governor's mansion on Booty Island and continued with her gubernatorial duties from there, though relinquishing her duties on Mêlée for a time, not leaving a forwarding address in case Threepwood attempted to contact her. During that time she also took ownership of a dog and named it Guybrush Jr. after Threepwood due to its being good at sniffing out her possessions and useful for little else.

A year after LeChuck was destroyed, Threepwood came to her mansion in search of a map piece to the fabled treasure Big Whoop which had originally belonged to her grandfather. Threepwood was caught making off with the map during a Mardi Gras party by her gardener and Guybrush Jr. Unaware of the real reason for his arrival, Elaine assumed he had come to apologise to her. Threepwood attempted to get on her good side, and Elaine almost took him back saying that "there's something about your weakness and ineptitude that I find infectious". But when his intention of taking the map was revealed and that his kind words were mostly a means to an end, she became infuriated and flung the map piece out of her window letting it blow away in the wind. Threepwood immediately took chase after it.

Se and MI2

Threepwood eventually became trapped at the site of Big Whoop, dangling from a rope with the treasure in one hand after he had used dynamite to blast a hole in the ground. The explosion was so powerful and loud that Elaine heard it from her mansion on Booty Island. She immediately recognised that the sound had come from the direction of Dinky Island and deduced that Threepwood must have gone after her grandfathers treasure.

Elaine immediately set out to rescue him and found him in his predicament. Curious as to what happened she asked him to tell the story. Threepwood explained the entire series of events leading up to her arrival starting from his visit to Scabb Island, going through the resurrection of LeChuck and his own search for Big Whoop all the while hanging in the pit. Unfortunately as his story ended Guybrush's rope snapped and he fell into the chasm, where Elaine was unable to follow.

Threepwood was confronted by the Zombie Pirate LeChuck in the tunnels below the island and ultimately trapped in the Carnival of the Damned in the form of a child. While Threepwood wonders if this is his true reality, Elaine is left on Dinky Island worrying that LeChuck had placed a curse on him.