Childhood

Little is known of Guybrush Threepwood's true origins. As a kid he loved to collect fireflies in a jar.[1] He also had a Stretchy Strongman toy. He once mentioned that he (or rather his sister) owned a dolls house. He also admitted to having stopped practicing piano, which was strongly encouraged by his mother. He also had an abusive brother, Chuckie. One time he caused a serious accident involving scissors and his aunt's poodle, and he avoided dog grooming ever since.

In a hallucination he accused his parents for abandoning him.

When Guybrush first encountered the fiery Governor Elaine Marley, he revealed his troubled past with talking to women.

Becoming A Pirate

On Melee Island

Guybrush's first appearance on Melee Island

Guybrush was washed ashore on Melee Island, beginning his dream of becoming a pirate. He encountered the town lookout, who mistook him for a flooring inspector. Guybrush was then advised to meet with the pirate leaders, who were holed up in the Scumm Bar. There, he learned that to be a true pirate, he must complete The Three Trials:

 - Sword Fighting
 - Thievery
 - Treasure Huntery

To obtain mastery at sword fighting, Guybrush had to defeat the local sword master Carla. As for treasure huntery, he had to find the treasure buried somewhere in the island by following a special dance pattern. Finally, to complete his skills at thievery, he had take an idol hidden away in the Governor's mansion. It was in this last task that Guybrush first encountered and developed a fondness for the governor, Elaine Marley.

Guybrush prepares to set sail for adventure

Marley allowed Threepwood to leave with the idol, but Sheriff Shinetop decided instead to put him to death by tying the idol to his leg and throwing him into the sea at the docks. Threepwood, being able to hold his breath for ten minutes, had ample time to realise he could simply take the idol and climb the ladder to safety. As he rescued himself, he saw a ghost ship sail off into the distance.[1]

With these tasks completed, Guybrush proceeded to inform the pirates at the Scumm Bar. However nobody was there besides the chef who was weeping. He then learned that Elaine had been kidnapped by the ghost pirate LeChuck. Guybrush wasted no time to hatch a plan to rescue the governor. He managed to acquire a sizeable amount of loot from the local storekeeper in order to purchase The Sea Monkey, a ship from Stan at Stan's Previously Owned Vessels. He then gathered a crew consisting of Carla the former swordmaster, Otis, a local criminal with a bad case of halitosis, and Meathook, a tough guy filled with tattoos. The group then set their sails for the legendary Monkey Island, hoping they weren't too late to save Elaine from a fate worse than death.

The Journey

On his way to Monkey Island, Guybrush was dismayed at the laziness of his new crew. He was left to fend for himself, which led to him producing a special concoction that knocked him out cold. He awoke to find that he had arrived at his destination. Guybrush loaded himself into a cannon, and fired straight into the island.

On Monkey Island

Guybrush landed head-first on the beach and was approached by Herman Toothrot, who does nothing to help unstuck Guybrush's head. When Guybrush finally frees himself he travels to the peak of the island where, through use of the catapulting force of a Primitive Art, was able to knock some Bananas off a tree on the beach (This inadvertently sank the Sea Monkey, which was originally optional in the game, but later adopted as canon). Guybrush later obtained rope from a fort to the north of the island, which allowed him to acquire a pair of oars for an abandoned boat he found earlier on the beach. This mode of transport allowed him access to the entire island. He then obtained another banana from the local Cannibal village. After he escaped captivity from the cannibals via a hole in the floor of his hut prison, and used his supply of bananas to lure a monkey to the Giant Monkey Head where he then took a totem. In return for the totem, the Cannibals became friendly towards Guybrush. It's here that Guybrush retrieved the Banana Picker from the Cannibals so he could return it to Herman Toothrot. In gratitude, Toothrot gave Guybrush the key to the Giant Monkey Head, which was believed to be the only way to LeChuck's secret lair.

A comparison of Guybrush from the original and Special Edition.

Under the Monkey Head

Guybrush used the key, which resembled a giant Q-Tip, on the Giant Monkey Head. As he descended the dark and hellish realm beneath, he realized it was impossible to figure out how to find his way without some help. He learned that he needed a certain shrunken and sentient head of the navigator, which the Cannibals used for special occasions. The head allowed Guybrush to travel through the hellish, lava-filled maze. As he finally made his way through, Guybrush used a necklace of eyeballs to turn invisible and obtain the "Voodoo Root" from the moored ship of LeChuck. Once this was complete, Guybrush returned to the Cannibals, who prepared for him a special ghost-vaporising potion from the root; which turns out to be nothing more than common Root Beer. As Guybrush returned to the hellish underground "harbor", he found out he was too late, and the ship had gone to prepare for LeChuck's marriage with Elaine on Melee Island.

Defeating LeChuck

Guybrush and Elaine, as they originally appeared prior to the Special Edition.

Thanks to Herman Toothrot's secret ship, Guybrush hastily made his way back to Melee Island confronting LeChuck. He barely made it to the church to disrupt the wedding, bumbling in and ruining Elaine Marley's own cleverly orchestrated plan to escape and defeat LeChuck.

LeChuck, furious at Threepwood's constant meddling, hit him with such force that he landed at Stan's Previously Owned Vessels. Through his quick wit, he used the Voodoo Root Beer on LeChuck, causing him to explode into a million pieces.

With LeChuck defeated, Guybrush and Elaine enjoyed the fireworks of LeChuck’s exploding corpse.

