Biography

Before Guybrush Threepwood washed up on Mêlée Island, The Ghost Pirate LeChuck had taken control of a ship and its crew and through the power of Big Whoop transformed them into his Ghost Ship and Pirate Crew. Among its numbers were the previous Captain Bob and Allegro Rasputin.

They made port underneath the Giant Monkey Head of Monkey Island deep inside the volcanic maze hidden there. When not docked, the ship would sail between the islands of Mêlée and Monkey, terrorising anyone who crossed their path.

Little did anyone know that the ships journeys were for the purpose of allowing LeChuck to masquerade on Mêlée as its Sheriff Fester Shinetop in order to be close to the woman he loved, Governor Elaine Marley.

Meanwhile, LeChuck had laid his human corpse to rest in an enormous Fortress watched over by a Voodoo Priest.

Guybrush Threepwood - The Wannabe Pirate

LeChuck in the secret of Monkey Island

LeChuck's ship was anchored under Monkey Island when Threepwood first arrived on Mêlée Island. LeChuck was planning to kidnap Elaine Marley when his first mate, Bob informed him that a plucky new pirate wannabe had appeared on Mêlée. As Bob questioned whether the news had been worth delivering at all, LeChuck decided to deal with Threepwood himself.

Once more he returned to Mêlée and disguised himself as the Sheriff, Fester Shinetop. He attempted to scare Threepwood off by warning him of the dangers that may face him but it did not deter him from continuing his quest to become a pirate.

They met again when Threepwood made his way into the Governor's Mansion and tried to steal a fabulous idol that he had been asked to obtain as part of his Three Trials. Shinetop confronted Threepwood and a fight ensued. Threepwood was eventually saved when Governor Elaine Marley intervened and ordered her Sheriff away.

However, while they spoke, the Sheriff had been waiting just outside of the mansion for Threepwood to leave and confronted him once more on his exit. He took Guybrush's sword, tied him to the heavy Idol and threw him into the sea at the dock to drown. Threepwood was able to survive due to his ability to hold his breath under water for ten minutes.

When Threepwood had completed his trials, LeChuck scared off every pirate on the island and kidnapped Governor Marley.

LeChuck was unaware that Threepwood had survived or even that he had gotten a ship and a crew together to go after him and rescue Marley.

While on Monkey Island, Threepwood learned of a special voodoo root that LeChuck had taken from the cannibals as it could be used to create the only thing that could destroy him, root beer. LeChuck had no knowledge when Threepwood managed to get aboard his ship and steal the root from him.

When Threepwood returned with the prepared Ghost Zapping Formula, he found he was too late and that LeChuck had left Monkey Island intending to marry Elaine in the Church on Mêlée Island. He had taken his crew (though Bob had been left behind) and seized control of Mêlée Town where he had arranged his wedding to Elaine.

As the wedding ceremony was underway, Threepwood burst in and stopped the proceedings. LeChuck was both enraged and surprised to see Guybrush alive, but intended to put an end to him before continuing. Threepwood attempted to spray the formula on LeChuck, but having already used it a number of times to deal with the ghost crew, its pump jammed rendering it useless.

Just as LeChuck believed himself unstoppable, Elaine Marley revealed that she had previously escaped imprisonment and created her own potion with which to destroy the fearsome ghost pirate. In her place, stood in the wedding dress, were a pair of monkeys carrying the spray. Threepwood attempted to retrieve the formula, but in doing so frightened the animals, causing them to run away and forcing Elaine to give chase.

Having had enough of the distractions and realising that his wedding was ruined, LeChuck punched Threepwood through the roof, and continued to knock him around Mêlée Island. The fight went on until Threepwood conveniently knocked some root beer out of a Grog Machine at Stan's Previously Owned Vessels store. He took his opportunity and sprayed LeChuck with it. For a few moments LeChuck shuddered and gurgled before he shot into the sky and exploded over and over again.

Threepwood was joined by Elaine and they watched as he exploded into thousands of pieces in a display similar to a fireworks show. Threepwood was able to obtain LeChuck's Beard and kept it as proof of his achievement.

Lost Story of LeChucks Defeat

Despite Threepwoods heroic effort in destroying LeChucks spirit form, the details of the story were lost to many.

 - When retelling the story Threepwood would often leave out the part in which he was repeatedly punched around the island claiming to have defeated the ghost in the Church.
 - Some folk including Largo LaGrande believed that it was the Voodoo Lady who had destroyed LeChuck.

 - Others such as the Barkeeper of The Bloody Lip heard a tale that LeChuck had drank so much root beer that he burped so hard he exploded.

 - Augustus DeWatt, the Booty Island Guard and other Booty Island residents believed it was Elaine Marley who had killed him.

Resurrection and Revenge

LeChuck in Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge.

When Threepwood foolishly boasted about killing LeChuck to Largo LaGrande, the captains former right hand man stole LeChuck's beard and took it to be infused with LeChuck's rotten corpse. He returned the beard to the Voodoo Priest at LeChuck's Fortress who in turn resurrected the dread pirate in zombie form.

For a time LeChuck became less interested in Elaine Marley and more in exacting his revenge on Guybrush Threepwood.

He quickly resumed his reign of terror and started to raid the Caribbean once more kidnapping many pirates, turning them into undead minions and forcing them to build his new amusement park that would be designed to kill even more people for his army. LeChuck also killed many hired workers by staging "accidents" for fun.

LeChuck sent Largo LaGrande to find and capture Threepwood alive, who at the time was looking for the four map pieces that would lead him to Big Whoop. In the meantime, he had ordered his Voodoo Priest to make a Guybrush voodoo doll.

LeChuck desperately tried to find Threepwood before had collected the four map pieces, afraid that he might find Big Whoop and discover its secrets and possibly LeChuck's origins and a weakness. LeChuck even put a bounty on Guybrush's head, visiting corrupt governors such as Phatt in person to arrange the agreements. Largo failed to capture Threepwood but was able to spy on him and report back whenever he acquired a map piece.

LeChuck finally managed to lure Threepwood to his fortress by kidnapping his friend Wally and taking the map pieces that had been left with him. He prepared a trap magically connected to the key to Wally's cell, which successfully captured Threepwood when he attempted to take it.

With them both now in his custody, LeChuck hung Wally and Guybrush by their arms over a pool of acid in his elaborate Torture Chamber. LeChuck planned to have them burn in the acid so that he could take their bones, reanimate them and forge them into a chair so that he could sit on it and hear them scream in agony every morning. However LeChucks over complicated mechanism gave Threepwood enough time to find a way to escape. The breakout led to the destruction of the fortress.

LeChuck however survived and made his way to Dinky Island, where he knew that Threepwood would be heading.

LeChuck managed to find Threepwood after some time in the tunnels under Dinky Island and revealed his voodoo doll that he intended to use to send him to a dimension of endless suffering. Unfortunately the voodoo doll did not work as planned and merely send Threepwood into the next room.

LeChuck continued to chase Threepwood through the tunnels while unknown to him his foe was preparing his own voodoo doll with which to fight back. After having his beard ripped from his chin and his underwear pulled from his body, LeChuck was finally faced with Threepwoods completed doll.

The doll was able to cause LeChuck pain, but was not powerful enough to stop him completely. In a drastic move, Threepwood tore a leg off of the doll which caused the real LeChucks leg to come off too.

Guybrush uses his voodoo doll on LeChuck.

Laying on the floor, almost defeated, LeChuck cast a hypnotic spell over Threepwood tricking him into thinking that he was his brother Chuckie and used his power to take a human form. LeChuck then trapped Guybrush in the Carnival of the Damned further fooling him into believing that he was really a child out with his family.

LeChucks Power and Influence Grows

LeChuck in The Curse of Monkey Island

While Threepwood was trapped in the Carnival of the Damned, LeChuck renewed his reign of terror throughout the Caribbean. He opened Monkey Island to the public and used his death rides at the theme park to recruit more and more minions.

LeChuck was unaware when Threepwood was eventually able to escape the spell and get out of the park alive.

It was pure coincidence that brought them together again as he led an attack on Plunder Island. LeChuck did not really care about how Threepwood had escaped from the spell but he captured him intending to kill him straight away. When Elaine shot the sword from his hand, LeChuck decided instead to focus on the battle first and deal with his nemesis later. LeChuck had Threepwood thrown into the hold and sent his invasion force to man their landing craft.

Death of LeChuck

The assault was put to an end by Threepwood who single handedly destroyed the rowboats attacking the shore. He then untethered a cannon and fired it causing the ship to rock and LeChucks secret weapon, the Voodoo Cannonball to be dropped from his hands. The explosion of the cannonball capsized the ship and seemed to kill LeChuck.

The arcane magic released in the destruction, however, transformed him into a demon pirate with a fiery beard, more powerful than ever. He built up his crew and eventually returned to his Carnival on Monkey Island. He had grown more desperate and ruthless than ever, willing to "burn every island in the Caribbean" to find his love, Elaine, and arch enemy, Guybrush Threepwood.

LeChuck was finally able to learn of the location of Elaine, who was on Blood Island, through his employee Dinghy Dog.

LeChuck sent his crew to capture both Elaine and Guybrush whom he once more turned into a child instead of killing him. Meanwhile he took Elaine to ride his Big Whoop Rollercoaster in order to make her his undead bride.

Elaine managed to escape however and Guybrush was able to create an antidote and return to his adult state. While Threepwood confronted LeChuck on the rollercoaster, Marley had diverted the tracks to run in a loop ensuring that he would not be turned undead.

LeChuck was defeated once again when Guybrush sprayed pepper in his face causing him to sneeze and spray fire onto a preprepared fuse connected to a keg of rum that was next to a big animatronic monkey and a giant ice diarama. There was a huge explosion and the ice fell onto LeChuck and buried him, causing a chain reaction that left much of the theme park destroyed.