Corina, better known as The Voodoo Lady, is a well-known traveling mambo (Voodoo Priestess) and self-proclaimed fashion consultant. She has provided invaluable advice to Guybrush Threepwood throughout the series, thanks to her extensive knowledge with voodoo curses, magic and the occult. She claimed to have clairvoyance, able to predict Guybrush's fate and actions a number of times throughout the series. She was also attuned with the Force and could sense events happening away.

She was a fairly large woman with a dark complexion. She liked to speak in a dramatic fashion, particularly when it had something to do with Guybrush's quest. She often spoke in riddles and obscure phrases, never quite giving the answers Guybrush needed to fully comprehend his situation. She clearly knew what's good for Guybrush, which has helped him out more times than he could remember.

Her stores were often similarly themed, with large draperies to the sides and a large pot of voodoo potions or soup at arm's length. She has never been known to stay put in one island for very long, and likes to move her operations around the Caribbean when she felt like it.

Interaction

Mêlée Island

Guybrush first meets the Voodoo Lady on Mêlée Island. He finds her store House of Mojo, a voodoo emporium situated in the town center. It specialised in all things Voodoo, with had a number of trinkets could be seen for sale. Guybrush sought her out for her knowledge on how to defeat the evil ghost pirate LeChuck. When the first two speak, she hushes Guybrush, able to guess his name, and whatever it was he was going to ask her. Guybrush was impressed, though thought it had been a trick. The Voodoo Lady remarked that it was no trick, and that she only dealt with the truth. She foresaw that his adventure would lead to the legendary Monkey Island, towards the deep chasms beneath the Giant Monkey Head. She allowed him to take a Rubber Chicken.

Scabb Island

Guybrush meeting the Voodoo Lady

When Guybrush traveled to Scabb Island, the Voodoo Lady also happened to move her store there as well. She relocated in the swamp and was only accessible by paddling a coffin across the bog, straight into the jaws of a skull. A specially designed lift would carry the rider inside.

Along with the rest of the residents of the island, the Voodoo Lady was oppressed by Largo LaGrande's embargo. She paid a large sum of her dwindling profits towards this abominable taxation, which he came for regularly even though she told Largo that it was she who had killed LeChuck. She had hoped that someone on the island would collect ingredients for a voodoo doll for her, but no one had been brave enough. When Guybrush visited her, she told him of her idea. Threepwood agreed to help so she gave him a "shopping list" detailing the types of items he would need.

When she received the items she made a doll. She explained that they were not the optimum materials so it would only work at close range. Threepwood returned after confronting Largo, and told her that he had accidentally given Largo a live piece of LeChuck. She told him it was true that he could now be restored and instructed him to continue searching for the treasure of Big Whoop. She gave him a book, Big Whoop: Unclaimed Bonanza or Myth? which she had taken out from Phatt City Library under his name to help him get started.

She also helped Guybrush by making a revitalization potion known as Ash 2 Life, where he used it on the ashes of Rapp Scallion. This allowed Guybrush to learn more about the secrets of Big Whoop. Wally B. Feed had ordered a Love Bomb from the Voodoo Lady and sent Guybrush to fetch it for him, but in the meantime he was captured by LeChuck and the Lady sensed a disturbance in the Force.

Plunder Island

Guybrush and the Voodoo Lady, reminiscing in CoMI

After realising that Scabb Island wasn't the most ideal of locations, the Voodoo Lady relocated once more to the swamp on Plunder Island. Her store had a number of amenities, including a special alligator statue, and a bubblegum machine. She was regularly visited by some Voodoo Kids, who enjoyed making harmless paper voodoo dolls in her store's premises. She greatly feared El Pollo Diablo, the demon chicken, and warned those that failed to take his legend seriously.

She offered a great deal of help to Guybrush to help him find the cure for the curse he had inadvertently placed on Elaine Marley. She told him that he required an uncursed ring of equal value to the cursed one, and that he would find one on Blood Island. She also foresaw that he would die there.