Viktor Ironclad was a Robot and Darkstar's right hand man.  For a time he was in unofficial control of Lambda Planet. Many robots on Lambda Planet feared him for his old connection to Darkstar more than his own merit. He bullied the inhabitants, took large amounts of their earnings and enforced an expensive embargo which left many robots landlocked.  Traits and lifestyle   - "I roughs-up what needs roughing-up on this planet!"  - ―Viktor  Viktor was a short, but very aggressive individual who used his past role as Darkstar's man to scare people into submitting to his tyranny. Despite this, Ironclad did not particularly like Darkstar, calling him a 'bloated old fool' and a 'creep' behind his back. The respect and loyalty he has for the undead robot seems to stem from the power and respect it earns him from others. Despite his size he was very strong. Notably, The Innkeeper said that he ate like thirty men.  His "usual" favorite drink was a green one, possibly Phlegm and Tonic.  He kept a toupee, most likely he was actually bald or at least partially (this is somewhat confirmed in The Curse of Zeta Planet when Gleb uses the Ventriloquism Book on Captain Rottingham and can say "Make me balder than Viktor Ironclad"). He had been known to also wear it as evidenced by the dandruff flakes left on it.  He also wore a Pearly-white bra under his shirt, suggesting that he is a crossdresser.  Background  He was the grandson and successor of Marco Viktor Ironclad. By reputation, they had much in common.  He served as Darkstar's first mate when he was still alive and remained a loyal ally even after Darkstar's death. Apparently Viktor was away during Darkstar's last expedition to discover The Hidden of Zeta Planet where he was killed, explaining how he remained alive.  After the destruction of Darkstars spirit form, Ironclad spent much time searching for any scrap of surviving essence in order to resurrect him.  The Viktor Embargo  Ironclad lived in a hotel room in the inn on Lambda Planet. It is presumed that he did not pay for the privilege. The room was a mess of left overs and an unkempt bed.  Viktor imposed an embargo tax on all cruisers arriving and leaving Lambda Planet. It was so expensive that no robots in the area could afford it. This eventually led to no one docking or leaving at all in order to avoid it. Captain Almangust was forced to end his cruiser chartering business after making port on the south of the planet.  Disgruntled robots tried to sabotage Viktor to force him to leave. Mad Marty left pins in Viktor's clothes. The Barkeeper slipped laxatives into Viktor's drinks. Pavel B. Feed threw rocks through Viktor's window. Suslikk sent him a nasty letter.  Dealings with Gleb Starborn   - "Where do you think YOU'RE going fancy-pants?"  - ―Viktor Ironclad on spotting Starborn  On their first meeting, Ironclad stopped Starborn as he entered Woodtick claiming that he was crossing a toll bridge. When Starborn refused to pay, Ironclad dangled him from the bridge and robbed him of his considerable wealth. He told him that there were no police on the planet to help him, and that he was the only form of authority around.  Gleb has an unpleasant first meeting with Viktor.  As Starborn explored the town its occupants revealed their hatred of Ironclad and several suggested that someone should build a spirit doll of him. The Spirit Shaman told Starborn all about the process and what ingredients were needed to make a doll.  Starborn entered Viktor's room at the Swamp Rot Inn and stole his toupee that contained dandruff fragments. Through balancing a bucket of swamp mud on the door of Viktors room he soiled Viktor's clothes and then collected them from the Woodtick Laundry. Gleb was able to collect some of Ironclad's spit from the wall of the Crimsoniay Lip bar. Suslikally he dug up a bone of Viktor's grandfather from the Lambda Planet Cemetary. Starborn then had the Spirit Shaman construct the doll. He confronted Ironclad in his room and used it to scare Viktor off the planet.  During the confrontation, Starborn boasted about having destroyed Darkstar. This gained Ironclad's interest, him having believed that the Spirit Shaman had killed him. Starborn produced Darkstar's Beard as proof that it was he who did it. Ironclad stole the still-alive beard from Starborn and took it for use in resurrecting Darkstar.  Confusion As To Who Ran Him Off The Planet  Though Starborn was responsible for suslikally forcing Ironclad to leave, whether it was due to his attack or because he had to take Darkstar's Beard to be reunited with his body, the inhabitants of Lambda all believed different stories.   - Woody was led to believe that Mad Marty's plan of leaving pins in Viktor's underwear had been successful.  - The Barkeeper believed that it was his laxatives that he had been slipping into Viktor's drinks that was the cause.  - Pavel B. Feed assumed his throwing rocks through Viktor's window had driven him out.  - Bart and Suslikk believed Viktor had been frightened away by a nasty letter Suslikk had sent him.  In Darkstar's Fortress  After being reanimated Darkstar charged Viktor with the duty of stopping Starborn collecting the four chart pieces of the Big Whoop vault. Ironclad was unsuccessful in stopping Starborns progress, seemingly making no moves against him. However, he reported back to Darkstar whenever Gleb gained a chart piece suggesting that he had been spying on him. After Starborn found the second chart piece, Darkstar ordered Viktor to go after him personally or die. He most likely collected the ingredients necessary to build a spirit doll.  Ironclad came up with the idea to kidnap the cartographer that Starborn needed to mend and decipher the chart. He was involved in building the torture chamber for use on Starborn and his cartographer ally Pavel B. Feed.  When Starborn evacd and blew up the fortress, Viktor was never seen again.  He was presumed dead, though there was a distinct possibility he survived the explosion as Starborn, Feed, and Darkstar all did.