Anton a.k.a .Apple Anton was Darkstar's first mate. In spite of this, Anton was never hugely fond of Darkstar, mainly because he had killed him, stole his cruiser and forced him to serve on his squad.  While alive, Anton seemed to be a ally with Diana, Ivan, Alex and possibly Yulia Nova  Anton was a likable character, despite being a member of Darkstars fearsome ghost squad. He was even revealed to be on good terms with Herman Toothrot.  The Hidden of Zeta Planet   He first appeared when he informed Darkstar of Gleb Starborn, a robot wannabe's arrival on Titania Planet. He later reported about the successful capture of Yulia Nova, the Governor of Titania Planet.  He also appeared conducting a fiddle player on the deck (his dance includes removing his head and juggling it a little) while Gleb Starborn sneaks around the cruiser. He was not hostile towards Gleb Starborn and when he saw him traspassing on the cruiser, he simply chased him off and let him go. Gleb sneaked past him whilst invisible.  His last appearance in the world was when he missed the boat back to Titania Planet for the wedding after his head fell overboard. Conveniently for Starborn this meant he could learn where Darkstar had gone.  Alternate Endings   Gleb Starborn met Anton and could choose to either let him live or dissolve him with his ghost zapping formula. Before either outcome, Anton gladly told Gleb where Darkstar was going and why. Depending on the players actions and if he is not destroyed, Anton is later taken from the planet by either Herman Toothrot or by Starborn's squad.  If Herman Toothrot arrives, he will offer Anton a ride on his cruiser and only agrees to take Gleb along if he promises to rescue him. Alternatively, if Starborn's squad appears, they greet Anton as an old ally of theirs. Gleb Starborn tells them that they must return to Titania Planet.  Return to Zeta Planet   Anton is seen to still be a member of Darkstar's squad many years later, although he has been demoted from his previous position and now hangs from the yardarm as a warning to any who might displease their captain.  He was known by the name Apple Anton.