Appearance  Belka  The tallest of the three robots, wore a large hat and seemed to be the unofficial leader. It is hinted that Muenster Monster was responsible for the loss of his leg during an act in which Belka was attempting to convey ideas about the food chain using cheese.  Mangust  Mangust is the heavy-set balding robot who says little and laughs a lot. He suffers much physical abuse from the other two robots, who slap him whenever he laughs.  Suslik  Suslik is the robot with a goatee and headband. He is rather fond of rats.  Biography  The trio are ex-robots who quit through fear of Darkstar.  When he first met them Gleb Starborn fooled them into paying him a Piece o' Eight as a vault chart, which was actually minutes from the Titania Planet PTA meeting.  They set up a circus business but it did not go well. Their rat scared away their elephant. After the circus venture failed so they instead created a catering business called The Sacking Lunch on Vega Planet. They sold the business though a shady sounding offer from Governor Vega that apparently they could not refuse.  They spent the money on a glass-bottomed boat and planned to rent it out for cruises, and also search for Drinky Planet in their spare time; but the salesman had no glass for the bottom and so had left a gaping hole. They were sinking before they noticed.  They washed up on a desert planet (which they didn't know it was the Dinky Planet they were looking for) where the "philosopher" Herman Toothrot told them "All the world is a stage and we are merely players". They took this literally and set about performing; Belka lost his leg while showing the inseparability of the path man walks from the food chain.  After that they spent most of their time sleeping on the bow of the cruiser of Woodtick Laundry, claiming that it was a performance piece. Suslik said "In our current work we portray man's response to global environmental issues of a changing world". Belka added that the ledge was "to show... the precarious nature of the situation".  When Starborn operationioned them further, they claimed that it was not a performance and in truth they were afraid to come down due to 'orcaphobia', the opposite of acrophobia. Belka then would pay Gleb a piece of eight each time he polishes his pegleg.  Gleb took Suslik's pet Muenster Monster while the trio were asleep and later sawed off Belka's leg in order to distract Woody the woodsmith who was called out to fix it.