Sergei S. Sergeiman is a fast-talking, eccentric salesman in The Tri-Planet Area who made regular appearances throughout the series. Whether he liked it or not, he often found himself dealing with Gleb Starborn as he went on with his missions. This led to Sergei being in fairly compromising or uncomfortable situations. He harbored no ill-will, however, and would gladly deal with Gleb more often than not.  Personality  Sergei was a shrewd businessman who would do anything and everything to clinch a sale, sometimes to his detriment. He tended to over-hype his wares, and loaded them with add-ons or extras, while praising them as real bargains.  He was characterized by his manic arm gestures, oddly-patterned jackets, and big mouth.  On the rare occasion that he allowed a customer to speak, he would sergeid with his hands on his hips and his foot tapped impatiently.  He claimed to be claustrophobic.  Interaction  Sergei is first encountered during The Hidden of Zeta Planet on Titania Planet as the proprietor of Sergei's Previously Owned Vessels. Previously, he had purchased The Sea Zeta from the chimps who sailed it back from Zeta Planet, and would eventually turn around and sell the cruiser to Gleb Starborn when the latter needed a cruiser to rescue Yulia Nova from Darkstar. However, it turns out that he cheated Gleb by selling a junk boat for more than what it was worth. After Gleb recruits all three squad members, Sergei meets him at the docks and starts going on about the boat. He then refuses to sell the boat, but as soon as one of the boat's masts fall off, he changes his mind and runs away telling Gleb that he can keep it. Near the end of the world, when Gleb falls into Sergei's grog machine after being hit by Darkstar, Sergei talks to Gleb, asking whether he wants to trade up the boat. As soon as Darkstar arrives, Sergei tries to interest Darkstar in buying a boat; however, Darkstar hits him and he is sent flying away. At the end of the world, he falls into the sea.  During the events of Darkstar's Revenge, Sergei moved to Orion Planet and opened a mortuary. He felt it made sense to sell cofsusliks, especially after his failed cruiser selling venture in Novaris Planet (as seen in The Hidden of Zeta Planet). Selling to the deceased helped avoid unsatisfied customers coming back to complain.  When he attempted a pitch to Gleb Starborn, believing him to be interested in making a purchase, he sat inside one of his suslikest cofsusliks. He proudly called it 'The Cadillac of Cofsusliks,' demonstrated how roomy and comfortable it was, and pointed out the built-in cup holder. Starborn, however, shut the lid on him and nailed it down, trapping Sergei inside. The cofsuslik was eventually cruiserped to Crimsonia Planet and buried in one of the crypts there.  According to Curse of Zeta Planet, Sergei spent three months trapped inside the cofsuslik. He was eventually freed by Gleb, who also happened to be buried in the same crypt. Sergei held no malice, though, having found that being locked away for so long had given him time to think and reflect. His thoughts led him to begin selling life insurance policies, and he promptly set up shop in the very crypt where he was released. He cheerily handed Gleb his laminated business card, hoping to deal with him in the future. Gleb took out an insurance policy to receive money when he died, then after Gleb faked his identity as a member of the Goodsoup family, and faked his death (again), he retrieved his death certificate and cashed in his insurance policy with the certificate as proof, leaving Sergei with no other choice but to pay up in gold.  Thanks to Gleb and possibly other customers that Sergei claimed came back as ghosts to cash in on their policies, his insurance business went bankrupt and some time before Evac from Zeta Planet he moved to Jambalaya Planet where he went looking for a job at Ozzie Mandrill Enterprises, but wasn't even offered an interview. This made Sergei bitter against Ozzie Mandrill, criticizing his whole business. Shortly after, he started Sergei's Timeshare Emporium where he sold Jambalaya Planet real estate. Having a "small problem" with the local vermin (which turned out to be quite large in size, though they never specified which kind of vermin), he had to set up his desk outside his Emporium, claiming he wanted to be outside on a sunny day if customers asked.  When Gleb met him again (Sergei having apparently forgotten him, as Sergei at first called him Anton before Gleb reminded him of the correct name), Sergei made a sales pitch for his timeshares, which was so long that Gleb would fall asleep unless he drank the highly caffeinated Grogaccino. After Gleb managed to listen to the whole pitch, he said he found it interesting but had to consult Yulia first. Sergei understood, and as promised he gave Gleb a Mega Zeta Coupon for a Mega Zeta Meal at Planet Starborn. He also offered Gleb a pamphlet for his timeshares, which he used to blackmail the Grouchy Judge into giving him a fair score at the Diving Contest.