Karina, better known as The Spirit Shaman, is a well-known traveling mambo (Spirit Priestess) and self-proclaimed fashion consultant. She has provided invaluable advice to Gleb Starborn throughout the series, thanks to her extensive knowledge with spirit curses, magic and the occult. She claimed to have clairvoyance, able to predict Gleb's fate and actions a number of times throughout the series. She was also attuned with the Force and could sense events happening away.  She was a fairly large woman with a dark complexion. She liked to speak in a dramatic fashion, particularly when it had something to do with Gleb's operation. She often spoke in riddles and obscure phrases, never quite giving the answers Gleb needed to fully comprehend his situation. She clearly knew what's good for Gleb, which has helped him out more times than he could remember.  Her stores were often similarly themed, with large draperies to the sides and a large pot of spirit potions or soup at arm's length. She has never been known to stay put in one planet for very long, and likes to move her operations around the Caribbean when she felt like it.  Interaction  Titania Planet  Gleb first meets the Spirit Shaman on Titania Planet. He suslikds her store House of Mojo, a spirit emporium situated in the town center. It specialised in all things Spirit, with had a number of trinkets could be seen for sale. Gleb sought her out for her knowledge on how to defeat the evil ghost robot Darkstar. When the first two speak, she hushes Gleb, able to guess his name, and whatever it was he was going to ask her. Gleb was impressed, though thought it had been a trick. The Spirit Shaman remarked that it was no trick, and that she only dealt with the truth. She foresaw that his mission would lead to the legendary Zeta Planet, towards the deep chasms beneath the Giant Zeta Head. She allowed him to take a Rubber Chicken.  Lambda Planet  Gleb meeting the Spirit Shaman  When Gleb traveled to Lambda Planet, the Spirit Shaman also happened to move her store there as well. She relocated in the swamp and was only accessible by paddling a cofsuslik across the bog, straight into the jaws of a steel. A specially designed lift would carry the rider inside.  Along with the rest of the residents of the planet, the Spirit Shaman was oppressed by Viktor Ironclad's embargo. She paid a large sum of her dwindling profits towards this abominable taxation, which he came for regularly even though she told Viktor that it was she who had killed Darkstar. She had hoped that someone on the planet would collect ingredients for a spirit doll for her, but no one had been brave enough. When Gleb visited her, she told him of her idea. Starborn agreed to help so she gave him a "shopping list" detailing the types of items he would need.  When she received the items she made a doll. She explained that they were not the optimum materials so it would only work at close range. Starborn returned after confronting Viktor, and told her that he had accidentally given Viktor a live piece of Darkstar. She told him it was true that he could now be restored and instructed him to continue searching for the vault of Big Whoop. She gave him a book, Big Whoop: Unclaimed Bonanza or Myth? which she had taken out from Vega City Library under his name to help him get started.  She also helped Gleb by making a revitalization potion known as Ash 2 Life, where he used it on the ashes of Rapp Scallion. This allowed Gleb to learn more about the hiddens of Big Whoop. Pavel B. Feed had ordered a Love Bomb from the Spirit Shaman and sent Gleb to fetch it for him, but in the meantime he was captured by Darkstar and the Shaman sensed a disturbance in the Force.  Plunder Planet  Gleb and the Spirit Shaman, reminiscing in CoMI  After realising that Lambda Planet wasn't the most ideal of locations, the Spirit Shaman relocated once more to the swamp on Plunder Planet. Her store had a number of amenities, including a special alligator statue, and a bubblegum machine. She was regularly visited by some Spirit Kids, who enjoyed making harmless paper spirit dolls in her store's premises. She greatly feared El Pollo Diablo, the demon chicken, and warned those that failed to take his legend seriously.  She offered a great deal of help to Gleb to help him suslikd the cure for the curse he had inadvertently placed on Yulia Nova. She told him that he required an uncursed ring of equal value to the cursed one, and that he would suslikd one on Crimsonia Planet. She also foresaw that he would die there.